# CS-340_Project_Two_Dashboard

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

To write programs that are maintainable, readable and adaptable, I follow the structure of the codebase which I am working on. In this case, the provided code was well structured, so I made sure to use the same style when making additions to the code. Furthermore, I am careful to comment the code that I write in order to highlight the functionality of different sections, which is advantageous for me or ant one else who has to look at the code in the future. The CRUD python module will definitely be useful in the future as the logic can be adapted to use in different scenarios, or similar databases.  

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

To approach the problem as a computer scientist, I will first be sure to fully understand the requirements of the project. Then, as I am implementing the different functionality, I test and debug from the perspective of the end user. This helps me to better understand what works and what needs to be changed. This approach is very similar to previous assignments except for the fact that I am learning more about how to adapt to different scenarios and environments, and have a better feel for the limitations I may have when working with these tools.

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists develop and design software which is efficient, innovative, and helps solve different problems. This is important for a wide variety of scenarios, for example to help companies make important decisions, managing and visualizing data, and increasing efficiency. The work done on this type of project helps Grazioso Salvare to do their work better by providing a centralized location for all of their data so that they can access, visualize, and manage it without needing to interact directly with the database. Overall, this dashboard application increases the productivity of its users and helps with the organization of important data.